domain:log.aliyuncs.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET Tracking.list
safebrowsing.urlsec.qq.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:app-measurement.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:miaozhen.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:reachmax.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:firebaseremoteconfig.googleapis.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:fundingchoicesmessages.google.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:metrics.icloud.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
full:szlong.weixin.qq.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:up-hl.3g.qq.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:yun-hl.3g.qq.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:pgdt.gtimg.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:iadsdk.apple.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:jiguang.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:unityads.unity3d.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:doubleclick.net

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:googleadservices.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:pglstatp-toutiao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET dns-filter.txt
domain:app.adjust.world

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:crashlyticsreports-pa.googleapis.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:adjust.net.in

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
full:in.appcenter.ms

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
full:dns.weixin.qq.com.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET Tracking.list
full:safebrowsing.googleapis.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET In-AppTracker.txt
domain:firebase-settings.crashlytics.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:trace.qq.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:umengcloud.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:umeng.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:mon.isnssdk.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:msmetrics.ws.sonos.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:qchannel01.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:adashx.ut.amap.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:amdc.m.taobao.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
full:dns.weixin.qq.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:app.chat.xiaomi.net

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:tracking.intl.miui.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET HTTPDNS.Block.list
119.29.29.98/32

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
full:crash.xiaohongshu.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET In-AppTracker.txt
domain:ident.me

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:gvt2.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:firebaselogging.googleapis.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:amdc.alipay.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:lgtvcommon.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:lgsmartad.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:googlesyndication.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:ynuf.aliapp.org

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:loggw-ex.alipay.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:h-adashx.ut.taobao.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:applog.uc.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:mmstat.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:ilce.alicdn.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:apoll.m.taobao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AdvertisingPlus.list
domain:tanx.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:fourier.taobao.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:sjarvis.taobao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:loggw.alipay.com.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:bugly.qq.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
full:resolver.msg.xiaomi.net

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:api-adservices.apple.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:weather-analytics-events.apple.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:sugar.zhihu.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:zhihu-web-analytics.zhihu.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET Advertising.list
118.89.204.198/32

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:zz.bdstatic.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:dig.bdurl.net

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:lnk0.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
full:is.snssdk.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:ad.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:mcs.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:adashx.m.taobao.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:dorangesource.alicdn.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:mars.jd.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET HTTPDNS.Block.list
101.124.19.122/32

## 规则集：RULE-SET HTTPDNS.Block.list
full:dns.jd.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:im-x.jd.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:policy.jd.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:jzt.jd.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:baidustatic.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:dig.bdurl.net

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:akamai-apigateway-gio-analytics.tesla.cn

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:api-access.pangolin-sdk-toutiao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:tnc3-alisc1.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:toblog.ctobsnssdk.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:gromore.pangolin-sdk-toutiao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:log-api.pangolin-sdk-toutiao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:stats.setapp.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
domain:sentry.io

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:px.ucweb.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET REJECT.list
full:ads-img-al.xhscdn.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:fp-it.fengkongcloud.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:dfcfw.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:analytics.google.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:data.flurry.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:api.amplitude.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:audid-api.taobao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:app-monitor.ele.me

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:collect.alipay.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:px.effirst.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET In-AppTracker.txt
domain:googletagmanager.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:api-access.pangolin-sdk-toutiao1.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:mssdk.volces.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:firebaselogging-pa.googleapis.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
full:geolocation.onetrust.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:data.microsoft.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET AdRule.list
domain:ocsp.godaddy.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:umsns.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:hm.baidu.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:appdownload.alicdn.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:eco.taobao.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:logs.amap.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:dualstack-logs.amap.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:mon.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:pc-mon.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET AdRule.list
domain:uservoice.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:saveu5-normal-lq.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:slb-p2p.vcloud.ks-live.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:analytics.95516.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:sdk-open-phone.getui.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:sdk.open.talk.getui.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:sdk.open.talk.getui.net

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:sdk.open.talk.gepush.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:ads-video-al.xhscdn.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:f.gm.mob.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:jpush.cn

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:pv.sohu.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:api.share.mob.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:guid.tpns.tencent.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:mob.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:mazu.m.qq.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:sdk.e.qq.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:tobapplog.volceapplog.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:klink.volceapplog.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:toblog.volceapplog.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:iyes.youku.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:sealine.youku.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:abtest.alibaba.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:zconfig.alibabausercontent.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:ott.cibntv.net

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:formalcabinet.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:aloha.telemetry.eyeo.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET In-AppTracker.txt
domain:api.onesignal.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:eu.posthog.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:pangolin-sdk-toutiao-b.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:cdn.concert.io

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:jnn-pa.googleapis.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET light.txt
full:log-sdk.ksapisrv.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:lf1-cdn-tos.bytegoofy.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:guid.tpns.tencent.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET AdRule.list
domain:api.share.mob.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:pingtas.qq.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET In-AppTracker.txt
domain:amplitude.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:contendvc.cnouyi.pizza

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:dutils.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET AdRule.list
domain:appsflyer.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:cdn-settings.appsflyersdk.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:martech.condenastdigital.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET AdRule.list
domain:gdt.qq.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:gia.jd.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:device-provisioning.googleapis.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET AdRule.list
domain:syndication.twitter.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:beacon-api.aliyuncs.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET reject.conf
domain:wdfl.co

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:busuanzi.ibruce.info

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:sharethis.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:applog.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：DOMAIN-SET AWAvenue-Ads-Rule-Surge.txt
domain:log.zijieapi.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:retcode.taobao.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:pcapp-data-collect.youku.com

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:msedge.net

## 规则集：RULE-SET adrules.list
domain:badjs.weixinbridge.com

